Objectives.
    1. Evolve attributes to properties.
    2. Adapt ORM methods to validate ojbject state with properties.

Updating the companies data model to add some constrains on the Department and Employee attributes.

    1.The department name and location must be non-empty strings.
    2. The Employee name and job title must be a non-empty strings.
    3. The Employee department_id must ba a foreign key refernce to a department object that had been parsisted 
    to the database.

we'll evolve the attributes to be mamaged by property methods with setter methods that ensure the attributes are assigned valid values.
evolve the deparment class to add property methds to manage the name and location attributes.
the setter methods will check for non-empty string values prior to updating the object state.

we will also update the Employee class to add property methods to manage the name, job_title and department_id attributes.
Note that the department_id setter methods check to ensure we are assignign a valid department by checking the foreign key referne in the database.


Note the following statement or code line :
        1. if isinstance(job_title, str) and len(job_title):
            -> this is a conditinal statement in python that checks two thingd about the variable.

                1. isinstance(job_title, str)
                    - checks if job_title is an isntance of the str class. if the variable is an instance of the stringclass 
                    then the return calue is true, theriwse the return value is false.

                    - len(attribute) - the len() function returs the length of job_title.
                    if job_title is a non-empty string, then len(jobtitle) will return a possitive interger i.e the number 
                    of characters in the string.
                    if the job_title is an empty atring "" len(job_title) will return 0, which evaluates to False in a boolean context.

                    - Combining with and:
                     the and operator requires both conditions to be True for the whole expression to be True.
                     so the complete condition checks that Job-title is a tring and is not an empty string.
